fix: try to serve assets from unencoded and encoded paths (#6728)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/shaggy-peas-notice.md

---
"@cloudflare/workers-shared": patch
"miniflare": patch
"wrangler": patch
---

fix: remove filepath encoding on asset upload and handle sometimes-encoded characters

> Some characters like [ ] @ are encoded by encodeURIComponent() but are often requested at an unencoded filepath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some characters like [ ] @ are encoded by encodeURIComponent() but are often requested at an unencoded URL path.
```

This change will make assets with filenames with these characters accessible at both the encoded and unencoded paths,

> but use the encoded path as the canonical one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but to use the encoded path as the canonical one, and to redirect requests to the canonical path if necessary.
```
